# Website for Hello, Con!
## Notable Design Features
### Speed
- Minimize the use of javascript for styling; CSS does that job better. Only use javascript to interact and render data.
- Inline CSS and Script, improving first load speed, reducing the number of request.
- Optimized images: use .webp for chrome, use .jpg otherwise
### Scalability & Automation (less work for me ::): :
- markdown parse: documents written by other teammembers on Google Doc e.g. code of conduct, are converted to Markdown, and then rendered with [mark.js](https://github.com/chjj/marked), the only manual step is to download the updated markdown file onto the server.
- csv parse: use [Papa Parse](http://papaparse.com/) library to parse csv of Speakers information (generated by google forms responses) into JSON, and then rendered. This makes updating speakers information effortless for the site maintainer (me).
- csv parse(again): for calendar, updates in the google doc will get synced easily.
### Responsive & Interactive UI
- Interactive canlendar: inspired by [Frosh](https://www.orientation.skule.ca/) to build a beautifully interactive calendar for the schedule page that provides an overall view without compromising details.
- Modal: Code of Conduct page is built with a modal to ensure focused reading.

### Compatibility
- due to compability issues (especially for some Android integrated browsers and old version of iOS), ES5 standard is used.

### Other Features
- Google Map API integration reduces the steps vistors needed to find out the location.

Todo:

 - [x] Sponsors section
 - [x] Submit (be a speaker) button embed google form in a separate page
 - [x] location BA
 - [x] home page button in menu
 - [x] update code of Conduct
 - [x] speaker page content
 - [x] intro content
 - [x] google map integration in location
 - [x] a close button for the modal
 - [x] minimize html, css and javascripts
 - [ ] remove submit page and link
 - [ ] add speakers to index.html
 - [ ] update schedule
 - [x] include a schedule integrated speakers page (the format of the confirmed speakers is totally different from before)